the security minister said that the
police elements may carry their
weapon while license only
this police sub-delegation 12 agents
will come to rest from today and the
reality here is another one because they have
assured that they will not let you
bring your pistols
a
be effective it seems that the order of
Minister will not be fully fulfilled
with that surprise we are in the
subdelegation of thin city this is
what the bosses have informed the
police officers that has told us
is going to perform what is a report
until first the immediate boss and
he will manage it towards the boss
superior of the entire delegation so that
the East
he is going to decide if he authorizes it or not but
they say that this process can last until
a month and let them take the weapon will be
at the discretion of the head of each post
the agents with whom we could
talk they say they carry the weapon
will give even more security to your
family nothing happens during this
time the police
they worry about being targeted by the
delinquency this time because you must steal
the weapon that maybe they will not lend
delinquents
Now I'm afraid I need the weapon but
also one of the things
in person when trying to corroborate the
information with the head of the
subdelegation we were told that passed
seven in the morning she followed
sleeping in thin city with images
of rum that was Fatima towers news 4
view